-------------------------------Overview of Real-World Breaches----------------------------------------
Coinbase - Unauthorized Trading
united states postel service - Account data Harvesting
Venmo - Excess Data Exposure
Instagram - Account Takeover
Bumble - Account tampering
T mobile - SEC reporting
OPTUS - Ransom
Experian - 3rd Party exposure

1.Coinbase - crypto Trading Platform (Broken Object Level Authorization)
step 1 : User scarped API calls from web UI.
step 2 : Identified 4 key parameters for any coinbase transaction
step 3 : Manipulated the parameters via API calls
step 4 : sold crypto they DID NOT own.

2.USPS Site - Postal Service (Broken Oject Level Authorization)
1.USPS relied on traditional code and web scanners
2.found missing API Authentication.
3.USPS added authentication
4.Left out Authorization
5.User A able to access User B details.

3.Peloton - (Broken Authentication)
1.Open API allowed request for user details with NO authentication

4.Venmo Payments - Unrestricted Resource Consumptions
1.Venmo homepage presented live feed of tranctions
2.hacker sniffed traffic and identified API calls
3.20-line script , using 2 IPS
4.pulled 115k transactions
5.API returned All transaction details.

5.Instagram - laxman tamil bro - API Exploit
1.Account reset requires 6-digit code
2.Researcher found API to submit reser code guesses
3.Guesses limited to 200 per ip
4.Researcher demonstrated could rotate through 5000 ips in seconds
5.Enables takeover of any account

6.Bumble (Broken function level autjorization)
1.Increamental of IDs helps the attacker to easy get the information
2.having user followd by 001,002 isn't a best practice.
3.the attacker have the permission to change himself from free to paid account.

7.T-mobiles - do not what happen clearly
1.single api without authorization helps the attacker to get sensitive information.
2.without authorization means broken authentication or lack of authentication.

8.Optus
1.API Endpoint don't required authentication to access.
2.driver license , username and passwords are leaked.

9.Experian
1.experian feature used to look cresdit score of a user
2.attacker sniffed the api calls
3.no authentication required in a api calls
4.Able to access sensitive informations.
